Hey party people!!

Hope you all enjoyed the sunrises last week. They were pretty incredible.
The Wednesday sunrise/super moonset especially! I luckily can see them from
my bed, so I am a bit spoiled... But for those of you watching from the
mountains, beach or balconies, I am sure they look even more impressive.

There are roughly 20 trips this week. If none of those fit your schedule
don't let it stop you from getting outside. Remember you can also take out
our gear without a staffer. Plan a local camping trip or get out for a
sunset surf.

As always, "office hours" from 4-6 this Wednesday and Thursday.

Stay stoked,

Hannah and the Excursion Club

[image: Inline image 1]
This week's stoke-of-the-week goes to Abe's 10th? 11th? Maybe 12th trip up
to Cathedral peak. As always send your stoke-of-the-week photos to
info@excursionclubucsb.org for a chance to get a free t-shirt or hat!

Announcements:



CERTIFICATIONS: *Stand Up Paddle Boards (SUPs), Kayaks and Longboards are
for certified members only.* You can get certified by attending 1 of the
weekly trips for that watercraft! It’s that easy! Email trip leaders to
sign up for an event ahead of time.

We strive to offer a diverse collection of trips every week. If you would
like to see more trips for a certain activity, please email a staff member
and let us know!

Check out our website!     www.excursionclubucsb.org

Like Excursion Club on Facebook: Excursionclub
<https://www.facebook.com/excursionclub>

As a reminder, do not take water-sports craft down Del Playa! Please only
use the bluff trail to access the beach. We aim to minimize our impact on
the community, and the traffic of people on Del Playa can be a disturbance.
Thank you for your understanding!
Wednesday February 7

7:30PM Boulder at the MAC: (All Levels)

I was recently introduced to bouldering/climbing and it is super fun. If
you want to try it out yourself, meet me at the Oasis at 7:30 to check out
climbing shoes, then we'll bike over to the Mac. BRING ID TO GET IN! E-mail
me so I know who's coming :)

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Devon Rogers - devon@excursionclubucsb.org

Thursday February 8

7:00AM (Just after) Sunrise Surf: (Beginner)

Come surf with me!! I am definitely a beginner as well so will offer
beginning pointers but not much instruction. If you're worried about having
a morning class I still intend to make it to my 9am! Email me if
interested:)

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Rhianna Haynie-Cion -
rhianna@excursionclubucsb.org

11:00AM Slack n' Sack: (All Levels)

Have you been fiending for a nice slack line sesh? Or perhaps maybe you
want to practice your hackeysack skills? Or perhaps both at once? Now is
your chance to perfect that slack and sack skillset you have been dreaming
of. Join Devon Rogers and myself for some sack and slack festivites! No
need to email, just show up ;)

Meet @ 6799 Trigo Rd w/ Ezra Ziegler - ezra@excursionclubucsb.org

6:00PM Wildlands Studies: (All Levels)

Hey everyone!! I am currently the campus representative for Wildlands
Studies, a field study abroad program where you go to some awesome country
and backpack/learn/play in their unique ecosystems for 6 weeks and get 15
UNITS!! A ton of staff/members/I have done it and I know they all had a
blast. I have an info session when i am on UCSB campus Feb. 8th at 4pm in
Bren. I got enough interest from last 2 weeks email that I will now hold an
EXC only info session with FREE PIZZA. email james@wildlandsstudies.com if
interested and forsure coming! There will be a sign in sheet. Come join @
WOODSTOCKS 6pm!!

Meet @ Woodstocks Pizza w/ James Reilly - jamesreilly@excursionclubucsb.org

Friday February 9

2:00PM Trail Running : (All Levels)

Like hiking, but pumps more blood! Now I am by no means an impressive
runner, so don't be intimidated by the thought of being left in the dust.
We should be back around 5. Email me for a spot!

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Maya Mendonca - maya@excursionclubucsb.org

5:00PM Ultimate!!: (All Levels)

It's gameday!!! The flat earth society is ready to rumble and take down its
next opponent. After a stellar performance and spectacular defeat of Doth
Friz we are looking for back to back victories. If you're signed up for the
team, or just want to casually send it meet at the Rec Cen fields @ 5.
BRING A WHITE AND BLUE SHIRT. No need to email just make sure to bring your
student ID, water bottle, and your lovely game faces!

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Sylvan Ludewigt - sylvan@excursionclubucsb.org

5:00PM Pre-vagina monoloogues hammocking session: ()

This friday I'm going to do a little pre-vagina monologues hammocking trip
for sunset. Meet at the Oasis and we can walk out to the bluffs near Sands,
or you can just come find me (i have a green hammock). Bring your books,
hammocks, slacklines, beach chairs, or whatever else you deem important for
a sunset sesh.Its gonna be a good one so come hang.

Meet @ The Oasis --> Sands Bluffs w/ Bettie Coy -
bettie@excursionclubucsb.org

6:00PM Last minute mammoth trip!!: (All Levels)

Hey me and Noah are headed to mammoth this friday to ski and camp. It will
be chilly at night. But we'll warm up in the hotsprings and get cold again
skiing. Space is limited so fill out this form quickly.
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeLbj9ni13vRqKP3lPC4xgP_j78yCstblI_vJ0AQYIfcO3yPg/viewform?usp=pp_url&entry.1866196861&entry.787218525&entry.1525024332Drivers
get priority.

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Hannah Breslin - hannah@excursionclubucsb.org

6:45PM Vagina Monologues PUSH: (Advanced)

Hey guys I have a vagina and I know some of u do too! Even if you don't,
you should come to VAGINA MONOLOGUES on Friday!!!! It's gonna be osom and
super fun and ya you should all buy tickets and come! (I'm going to the
first Friday night show if you wanna come with me and my housemates) Here
is the link to buy tickets:
https://events.ucsb.edu/event/the-vagina-monologues-and-herstories-2018/If
you want to come with us just meet at my house between 6:45pm-7:15pm and we
can walk/bike/skip/dance over together. Bring your favorite adult beverage
if youre into that, otherwise if youre not thats cool too.

Meet @ 6552 Del Playa Drive Unit 201 w/ Bettie Coy -
bettie@excursionclubucsb.org

Saturday February 10

11:00AM Rollerblade rendezvous : (All Levels)

I have a pair of roller blades that haven't been used in a while so I
thought this would be the place to find my long lost blading-buddies...
maybe. If you have a pair of rollerblades and wanna go for a casual cruise,
this is your chance!!! destination TBD but for sure bring a few $ in case
we end up getting a saturday morning caffeinated beverage on our way back.
email me if you wanna come:-)

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Sarah Bernard - sarahbernard@excursionclubucsb.org

12:00PM Dogshit Acroyoga: (Beginner)

Come learn the basics of acroyoga! Bring a mat or towel and some water.
Email me just so I know who’s coming :)

Meet @ Dogshit park (aka Sea lookout) w/ Danielle Dang -

2:00PM Soccer!: (All Levels)

Let's play some pick-up soccer at Estero Park in Isla Vista. Bring your
friends, a water bottle, and bring a soccer ball if you have one! Let's
scrimmage and play world cuppies or whatever we want.

Meet @ Estero Park, 889 Camino del Sur. w/ Devon Rogers -
devon@excursionclubucsb.org

5:00PM Sunset Kayak!: (All Levels)

Come get certified to kayak and enjoy the sunset! shoot me an email if you
wanna come, meeting at EXC at 5 PM.

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Bryson Smith - Bryson@excursionclubucsb.org

Sunday February 11

7:00AM Cathedral Peak and Derf's: (Advanced)

Part XI of my weekly Cathedral Peak send. Special twist as we'll be going
to Derf's for some delicious breakfast food afterward. Get ready for a sick
time on one of the best hikes/scrambles around! Just to be clear, advanced
is to indicate the how strenuous the hike is, no part of the hike is
dangerous, but please be ready to push yourself :) Don't email, please fill
out this form: tinyurl.com/CPandDerfssignup

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Abe Schulte - Abe@excursionclubucsb.org

8:00AM CA$$H in on Your Workouts!: (All Levels)

This isn't really a trip, but a way to make a little money being fit! UCSB
HGA is trying to promote campus fitness by rewarding people for going to
the gym at least 3x a week. How it works is you pledge $6/week for session
cycles starting Mondays and if you hit 3x that week you get your money back
and more! Sign up at https://m.healthguardians.org/ with promo code AE25C1
to start with an easy $2 for you and $5 for the club! For more info visit
the website or facebook page https://www.facebook.com/hga.ucsb/ or email me!

Meet @ https://m.healthguardians.org/ w/ Sarah Wells -
sarahw@excursionclubucsb.org

10:00AM (Surf) Kayak to the Pier!: (Intermediate)

Come paddle out to the wonderful Goleta pier to cap off your wonderful
weekends! Theres a fun WNW swell coming in and maybe we'll be able to catch
the leftovers and do some fun kayak surfing. Because this is a moderately
deep send this won't be a certification trip. Also, this could take a
little while, so plan accordingly. Email me for a spot ASAP because there
are only so many club kayaks. :)

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Sylvan Ludewigt - sylvan@excursionclubucsb.org

10:00AM unst unst surf surf unst unst ja ja: (All Levels)

Let's go surfing!!!!!! This is a sunday morning trip and I get you might
have the craziest night ever with ur budz at the library or the Del Playa
or something lame like that, but please don't bail bc you want ot sleep in!
Surf trips are in high demand so email for a spot :) Can't wait to
shhreeeedddd

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Zana Balarin - sauna@excursionclubucsb.org

12:30PM Beach Cleanup : (All Levels)

There is a beach cleanup happening this sunday from 12:30 to 2:30 at camino
pescadero park! show up with some friends and help make our beaches
~squeaky~ clean

Meet @ Excursion House w/ Sarah Bernard - sarahbernard@excursionclubucsb.org

Future Trips

Mon Jan 22 - Community Yoga Class: (All Levels) Join your neighbors for a
weekly free community yoga class this MONDAY. Make sure to bring a
mat/towel, water, and an open mind! We will go over the basics of
meditation, breathing, becoming aware of your thoughts, and presence. The
asana (movement) is not always easy so I will recommend modifications as
needed. Beginners are encouraged :D

w/ Cameron Dennis - camerondennis@excursionclubucsb.org

Sat Feb 10 - Pick Up Soccer: (All Levels) The Burning Cleats (Exc. soccer
IM team) have practice at Estero Park and it is open to all members who <3
soccer. Bring your friends and lets scrimmage, juggle, and play some World
Cuppies. If you have a soccer ball 1000% bring it, but no experience or
equipment is needed to join us. No email necessary, just show up!

w/ Sarah Wells - sarahw@excursionclubucsb.org

Fri Feb 16 - Mammoth FRENZY!!! : (All Levels) Hello!! Let's head to mammoth
to ski on the upcoming president's day weekend! IT'S GONNA BE SO FUN! I've
rented a group campsite that has access to a hot tub, indoor pool, and
showers! The campsite is located a block away from the last mammoth shuttle
stop so getting to the mountain is quick and easy! FYI - this will be a
winter camping situation so consider that when emailing to come - think
rustic, think outdoors, think chilly, think snuggly, think campfire! This
will be a relatively low-cost trip in comparison to some Mammoth trips. You
will need a cold weather sleeping bag and lots of warm gear. All lift
tickets and gear rentals will be entirely up to you. Email me for a spot -
trip is already filling up. Really need drivers for this trip so email me
if you can drive - gas will be reimbursed! A deposit will be nessecary for
this trip so please don't email if you are considering bailing... TIME TO
SKIII... Let's gooooooooOOOOooooo! :)

w/ Maren Roberts - maren@excursionclubucsb.org

Sat Feb 17 - Chicken and Lizard's Mouth Part V: (All Levels) Due to
overwhelming demand, I've decided to have another Lizard's Mouth trip this
quarter! The plan is to grab a bunch of chicken at Costco and then head up
in time for the sunset before sleeping under the stars. Cost should be
about $10 for food and gas. Don't email, please fill out this form for a
spot: tinyurl.com/CaLMsignup2 This trip is full unless you can drive.

w/ Abe Schulte - abe@excursionclubucsb.org

Sat Feb 24 - Skydiving: (All Levels) This trip is now full.

w/ Abe Schulte - abe@excursionclubucsb.org

TBA - Backpacking in an unknown location: (All Levels) Hi Friends! About a
month from now I will be going backpacking, hopefully in Big Sur but we
shall see depending on road closures. Other possibliities include Ojai,
Gaviota and the Santa Cruz Mountains. This will be an all level trip
appropriate for those who have done little to no backpacking who are in
reasonably good physical shape! Please fill out this form if interested.
more info coming soon!
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc56Io_G10aTTdCkvHICvVF3OZePZinZrofDKTZ5wmUXAocxA/viewform?usp=sf_link

w/ Bryson Smith - Bryson@excursionclubucsb.org


-- 
Excursion Club UCSB
www.ExcursionClubUCSB.org
